Are you really a fly that can't be driven away?
Don't think I'll marry you if you please my grandpa
I just wanted grandpa to see the gambling website designed by Boss Zhou. It's really wonderful
I ask you, aren't you starting a business? Why did you gamble?
Do you think our Zhou family industry is too big and want to send a few in?
I didn't do it, dude, he's a lunatic now
Trust me, I'll handle it.
Trying to frame me again
Boss Zhou was joking
How could I, a little girl, possibly code and build websites?
And the code for this website
You wrote it, I got it.
It was you who instructed Wang Rongchang to change my takeaway platform into a gambling website
You should be the one in jail
Do you think anyone would believe the man who bought me 4 million bag said I framed you?
As long as this software
The recharge amount reaches 100 million
You will be arrested for gambling in a crowd
Don't you dislike me?
I'll ruin your reputation today
To frame me
Put the funds of the entire Rong family on the pad
So what?
See for yourself
It's almost there.
Just a few tens of thousands of dollars away
Ah!
Stop pressing crash
Except for you and Wang Rongchang
Everyone's money will go back the same way
You lose.
You lied to me.
You lied to me, right?
Wang Rongchang has been arrested
You can't run either.